Update release note with annotations on fields of anonymous records (#6319)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.4.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

type T [int, @annot string];
```

> #### Support for annotations on fields of anonymous record types

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we should add this to the release note. Given that they
- were already supported at compile-time
- cannot be accessed in Ballerina code at runtime

If at all, I would skip the example and say field annotation values of record type descriptors defined without a type definition can now be accessed at runtime. The current title is misleading since they were supported at compile-time already.

Author: I agree with you. My concern is that without the ability to access it at runtime, there is no use in defining annotations. Isn't it? That is why I keep the title as above.

Reviewer: Still used/useful at compile-time.

Reviewer 2: +1 to Say, "field annotation values of record type descriptors defined without a type definition can now be accessed at runtime"

Author: no need to add an example. right?

Reviewer 3: @MaryamZi @hasithaa

Reviewer: Yeah, doesn't require an example. Actually, this is technically a bug fix. Shall we move this to the bug fixes section?

type T [int, @annot string];
```

#### Support for annotations on fields of anonymous record types

> Annotations for the fields of anonymous record types are  now allowed. Those annotations can be accessed by an external

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Annotations for the fields of anonymous record types are now allowed. Those annotations can be accessed by an external function.
```

> function.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

### Bug fixes

> #### Field annotation access in record type descriptors without a type definition
> 
> Field annotation values of record type descriptors defined without a type definition can now be accessed at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Annotation values of fields of record type descriptors that are not defined with a type definition are now accessible at runtime
```

Reviewer: Not addressed completely? We don't need headings under bug fixes.

Author: My bad, I feel that only need to update the description
